11) Unused database components, 
DBMS software, and database objects must be removed.

31)
The DBMS must support organizational requirements to enforce
password encryption for storage.


36)
 Remote database or other external access must use 
fully-qualified names.

38)
The DBMS must use multifactor authentication for local access to
non-privileged accounts

47)
The DBMS must employ cryptographic mechanisms to protect the integrity and confidentiality of nonlocal maintenance 
and diagnostic communications.

58)
 The directory assigned to the AUDIT_FILE_DEST parameter must be protected from unauthorized access and must be stored in a dedicated directory or disk partition
separate from software or other application files.

63)
 The DBMS must use NIST-validated FIPS 140-2-compliant cryptography for authentication mechanisms.

68)
 The DBMS must limit the number of concurrent sessions for each system account to a maximum of one.

77)
 The Oracle WITH GRANT OPTION privilege must not be 
   granted to non-DBA or non-Application administrator user accounts.

82)
 The DBMS must provide a mechanism to automatically identify 
   accounts designated as temporary or emergency accounts.

84)
 The DBMS must disable/delete inactive user accounts in accordance
with 12 FAH-10 H-112-1(f).The DBMS must disable/delete inactive
user accounts in accordance with 12 FAH-10 H-112-1(f).
Unused or expired DBMS accounts provide a means for undetected,
 unauthorized access to the database.

90)
 Procedures for establishing temporary passwords that meet 
DOS password requirements for new accounts must be defined, documented, and implemented

91)
 The DBMS must automatically terminate emergency accounts after
 an organization-defined time period for each type of account.

120)
 The DBMS must use multifactor authentication for network 
access to privileged accounts.

127)
 The DBMS must provide a mechanism to automatically terminate accounts designated as temporary 
or emergency accounts after an organization-defined time period.
